DOC-3143: Update key information about trial period behaviour for document converters on Tiny Cloud. (#3640)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/exportpdf.adoc

  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'exportpdf',

>   toolbar: 'exportpdf',
>   exportpdf_token_provider: () => { // required when using the Export to PDF plugin with Tiny Cloud.
>     return fetch('http://localhost:3000/jwt', { // specify your token endpoint
>       method: 'POST',
>       headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },
>     }).then(response => response.json());
>   },
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  toolbar: 'exportpdf',
// Below option is only required when using the cloud-based Export to Word plugin from Tiny.Cloud.
// Avoid setting it up during the trial period.
  exportpdf_token_provider: () => { 
    return fetch('http://localhost:3000/jwt', { // specify your token endpoint
      method: 'POST',
      headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },
    }).then(response => response.json());
  },
});
```

Author: Update to reference the correct plugin.
```suggestion
  toolbar: 'exportpdf',
// Below option is only required when using the cloud-based Export to PDF plugin from Tiny.Cloud.
// Avoid setting it up during the trial period.
  exportpdf_token_provider: () => { 
    return fetch('http://localhost:3000/jwt', { // specify your token endpoint
      method: 'POST',
      headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },
    }).then(response => response.json());
  },
});
```

  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'exportpdf',
  toolbar: 'exportpdf',
// Below option is only required when using the cloud-based Export to PDF plugin from Tiny.Cloud.
// Avoid setting it up during the trial period.
  exportpdf_token_provider: () => { 
    return fetch('http://localhost:3000/jwt', { // specify your token endpoint
      method: 'POST',
      headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },
    }).then(response => response.json());
  },
});
----

[NOTE]
For more infomation on the exportpdf_token_provider option, see xref:exportpdf.adoc#exportpdf-token-provider[exportpdf_token_provider].

[IMPORTANT]
====
The {pluginname} plugin **requires** JWT authentication when using the {companyname} Cloud service.

* Configure the `{plugincode}_token_provider` option to specify the endpoint for retrieving a valid JWT token.

> * If hosting locally, use the format `+http://localhost:[port]/jwt+`, ensuring the endpoint returns a xref:importword.adoc#data-structure[valid JSON object] containing the token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If hosting locally, use the format `+http://localhost:[port]/jwt+`, ensuring the endpoint returns a xref:importword.adoc#data-structure[JSON] containing the token.
```
